Welcome to the 2025 Kaggle Playground Series! We plan to continue in the spirit of previous playgrounds, providing interesting and approachable datasets for our community to practice their machine learning skills, and anticipate a competition each month.

Your Goal: Predict the likelihood of accidents on different types of roads.

For this Playground Series challenge, we have teamed up with Stack Overflow to give you a two-part challenge. The Stack Overflow Challenge is the second part and builds upon this one by having participants develop a web application. We encourage you to check out the Stack Overflow Challenge!

If you complete both challenges, we’ll recognize your breadth of skills with a special “Code Scientist” badge which will appear on both Kaggle and Stack Overflow.


Evaluation
Submissions are evaluated using the Root Mean Squared Error between the predicted and the observed target.

Submission File
For each id in the test set, you must predict a accident_risk of between 0 and 1. The file should contain a header and have the following format:

id,accident_risk
517754,0.352
517755,0.992
517756,0.021
etc.


About the Tabular Playground Series
The goal of the Tabular Playground Series is to provide the Kaggle community with a variety of fairly light-weight challenges that can be used to learn and sharpen skills in different aspects of machine learning and data science. The duration of each competition will generally only last a few weeks, and may have longer or shorter durations depending on the challenge. The challenges will generally use fairly light-weight datasets that are synthetically generated from real-world data, and will provide an opportunity to quickly iterate through various model and feature engineering ideas, create visualizations, etc.

Synthetically-Generated Datasets
Using synthetic data for Playground competitions allows us to strike a balance between having real-world data (with named features) and ensuring test labels are not publicly available. This allows us to host competitions with more interesting datasets than in the past. While there are still challenges with synthetic data generation, the state-of-the-art is much better now than when we started the Tabular Playground Series two years ago, and that goal is to produce datasets that have far fewer artifacts. Please feel free to give us feedback on the datasets for the different competitions so that we can continue to improve!


